Test banner for warning of using istio < 1.10 with k8s 1.22 (#10153)
istio/istio.io: content/en/events/banners/kubernetes-1.22-with-older-releases.md

---
title: Kubernetes 1.22 Release statement
period_start: 2021-08-04
period_duration: 180
max_impressions: 8
timeout: 120
link: /docs/releases/supported-releases#support-status-of-istio-releases
---

> [Removal of deprecated APIs](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2021/07/14/upcoming-changes-in-kubernetes-1-22/) in
> Kubernetes 1.22 will break Istio 1.9 and below. Click here for the supported version table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes 1.22 will only work with Istio 1.10 and above. Check here for the supported version table.
```

---
title: Kubernetes 1.22 Release statement
period_start: 2021-08-04
period_duration: 180
max_impressions: 20
timeout: 120
link: /docs/releases/supported-releases#support-status-of-istio-releases

---

> Warning! Kubernetes 1.22 is not supported by Istio release 1.9.x. Do not upgrade your Kubernetes version if you are using Istio versions prior to 1.10.

Reviewer 2: Is this better? 

```suggestion
Istio release 1.9.x is not compatible with Kubernetes 1.22. If you upgrade your Kubernetes cluster, please consider upgrading to Istio 1.10 or newer. 
```

Author: I'm not sure `consider` is accurate, at least if they are upgrading to 1.22.
